applications: nrf_desktop: Document SUIT support (#15851)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/dfu.rst

Configuration
*************

> The module can be used for the following SoC series:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module can be used for the following devices:
```

===================================

The image data that is received from the host is initially buffered in the RAM.

> Writing the data to non-volatile memory, such as flash or MRAM, is triggered when the host performs the fetch operation on the ``sync`` option.

Reviewer 2: beside flash and MRAM there is also RRAM on nrf54l. do we have to explain what types of nvm there are here?

.. note::
    The DFU process cannot be started before the entire partition used for storing the update image is erased.
    If the DFU command is rejected, you must wait until the non-volatile memory area used for the update image is erased.

SUIT integration
================

The module can act as a transport for the SUIT DFU procedure.
The module receives the SUIT envelope with update image data over the :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` and stores the envelope to a dedicated DFU partition (``dfu_partition`` defined in the DTS).

After a complete transfer, the :ref:`reboot <dfu_reboot>` command triggers a firmware update using the envelope.
The module calls the :c:func:`suit_trigger_update` function to trigger an update instead of rebooting the device using the :c:func:`sys_reboot` function.
Triggering an update using the :ref:`reboot <dfu_reboot>` command makes the user experience consistent with nRF52 and nRF53 Series devices.

> For these SoC series, the :ref:`reboot <dfu_reboot>` command after a complete update image transfer triggers an image update performed by the bootloader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these devices, the :ref:`reboot <dfu_reboot>` command after a complete update image transfer triggers an image update performed by the bootloader.
```
